Refactor in-place dispatch route – improve developer docs (#630)
JuliaManifolds/Manopt.jl: docs/src/index.md

```@raw html
---
layout: home

hero:
  name: Manopt.jl
  text: Optimization on Riemannian manifolds
  tagline: Efficient algorithms for minimizing a function on a Riemannian manifold
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Get started
      link: tutorials/getstarted/index.html
    - theme: alt
      text: Available Solvers
      link: /solvers/index.html
    - theme: alt
      text: Developer Guide
      link: /base/index.html
  image:
    src: /logo.png            # primary image (light themes)
    alt: Manopt.jl         # accessibility text

features:
  - icon:
        light: /logo-manifoldsbase.png
        dark: /logo-manifoldsbase-dark.png
        alt: ManifoldsBase.jl
        wrap: true
    title: Generic Implementations
    details: Algorithms are implemented on a general Riemannian manifold using the interface from ManifoldsBase.jl.
    link: https://juliamanifolds.github.io/ManifoldsBase.jl/stable/
  - icon: 🧩
    title: Composable

>     details: All components are designed in a modular fashion, for example problems, objectives, and solver states, but also stopping criteria and step sizes. They can be reused and combined easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    details: All components are designed in a modular fashion, for example problems, objectives, and solver states, but also stopping criteria and step sizes. They can be reused and combined easily. Points and tangent vectors can be represented using arbitrary Julia types.
```

  - icon: ⚡️
    title: Efficient

>     details: All methods use in-place evaluations for both the objective and the manifold. There is also an advanced, but easy to use caching system further promoting efficiency.

Reviewer: I think you could also mention here compatibility with GPU and https://github.com/JuliaManifolds/ManifoldsGPU.jl which can give massive speedup for some operations.

Author: Sure, I could even turn the tile into a link to that. Will try :)
Though that support is a bit preliminary.

Author: ...but I added that as well then.

  - icon: 📚
    title: Well-documented and -tested
    details: All algorithms are documented – both their theoretical foundation and all their options and keywords. The theoretical background also refers to further literature.
  - icon: 🛠️
    title: Customizable
    details: All solvers bring recording, debug and callback capabilities, the objectives can keep track of internal function calls.
  - icon:
        light: /logo-manifolds.png
        dark: /logo-manifolds-dark.png
        alt: Manifolds.jl
        wrap: true
    title: Use with Manifolds.jl

>     details: If you have a certain manifold in mind, checkout whether it is already provided in Manifolds.jl or LieGroups.jl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    details: If you have a certain manifold in mind, check out whether it is already provided in Manifolds.jl or LieGroups.jl.
```
